README.md, before:

# New Cookers

## Overview
This is a simple application for demostrating knowledge in Ionic and React. Here I'm using Firebase as storage.

## Screenshots

TBD

### How to use?
TBD

Meanwhile you can download the code and run `ionic run build` and pasting your firebase keys in `src/app/firebase.ts`.

### Structure
TBD
Firebase <-------------------------New Cooker App 
^-- Go Back (sort receipts by ingredients) --^

## Technologies

* Ionic + Capacitor
* React
* Typescript
* Firebase
* Tailwind

## Know how

### Installing Tailwind
1. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer
```
2. Init tailwind
```bash
npx tailwindcss init -p
```
3. Create a tailwind.config.js file in root
```json
/** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
export default {
  content: [
    "./index.html",
    "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}",
  ],
  theme: {
    extend: {},
  },
  plugins: [],
}
```
4. Add a file `src/theme/tailwind.css`:
```css
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```
5. Add it to App.tsx (or your entry point)
```ts
import './theme/tailwind.css';
```

### Do you wish to contribute?
TBD

## License
TBD

## Contact me

* Email: gino.luraschi@gmail.com

## Status
Just initialized... 

## Coming...
* Receipts creating and allow users to upload pictures...

Commit message:

feat: Refactor for hexagonal architecture

README.md, after:

# New Cookers

## Overview
This is a simple application for demostrating knowledge in Ionic and React. Here I'm using Firebase as storage.

## Hexagonal architecture
Hexagonal architecture, also known as Ports and Adapters architecture or the Onion architecture, is a design pattern that emphasizes the separation of concerns in software development. It helps in creating a modular and flexible structure for applications. In a hexagonal architecture, the core business logic is at the center, surrounded by layers representing different concerns. These layers include the application's input and output mechanisms, such as databases, user interfaces, and external services.

When you mention using hexagonal architecture oriented to the frontend for organizing files in your application, it suggests that you have applied this architectural pattern specifically to the frontend part of your system.

## Screenshots

TBD

### How to use?
TBD

Meanwhile you can download the code and run `ionic run build` and pasting your firebase keys in `src/app/firebase.ts`.

### Structure
TBD
Firebase <-------------------------New Cooker App 
^-- Go Back (sort receipts by ingredients) --^

## Technologies

* Ionic + Capacitor
* React
* Typescript
* Firebase
* Tailwind

## Know how

### Installing Tailwind
1. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer
```
2. Init tailwind
```bash
npx tailwindcss init -p
```
3. Create a tailwind.config.js file in root
```json
/** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
export default {
  content: [
    "./index.html",
    "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}",
  ],
  theme: {
    extend: {},
  },
  plugins: [],
}
```
4. Add a file `src/theme/tailwind.css`:
```css
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```
5. Add it to App.tsx (or your entry point)
```ts
import './theme/tailwind.css';
```

### Do you wish to contribute?
TBD

## License
TBD

## Contact me

* Email: gino.luraschi@gmail.com

## Status
Just initialized... 

## Coming...
* Receipts creating and allow users to upload pictures...
